I want to talk about boys. Firstly there are only four men I fully trust with the whole of my heart.

My brother. There are three people I would willingly live with on my own for the rest of my life, two of my bestfriends and him. Through childhood he was my partner, we used to line his star wars figures up on top of my stack-a-cups on the stairs and shoot them with nerf guns. Or make nests in the washing baskets under the stairs. Either way he is a man now and just as sensitive and loving as he was when he was 7. He's in Australia at the moment and I miss him so much, but we are both living our best lives, this reminds me I need to message him. He hasn't always been the most masculine, but he has the best qualities of being a man, he is kind, confident and compassionate.

My dad. He's awsome, we're quite similar but also quite different. When I think of what masculine is for my dad's generation and everything he has been through. I think he has done a good job. He acts the same in front of everyone he comes across, is honest and gentle. One time I was helping him with a swimming lesson and this kid was not having a good time (the splashes were too much). Dad got down to his level and I think made him feel validated and listened too. People naturally trust him and he is for sure a leader, I have learnt so much from my dad.

One of my bestfriends Aaron. I have known Arron since college, he is the most generous person I know. When a boy broke up with me he gave me a cuddle by the vape shop, brought me wine and I felt completely safe. We look out for each other and I am really sad he's not going to be living with us next year. He is fucking hilarious and I love that we can just watch Trixie and Katya together for hours and hours. In first year Aaron also gave me an education on romcoms from the early 2000s, we sat on his bed an honestly just chatted about everything, oh and I have him a back massage with my feet.

Finally Alex. This boy honestly saved my life. In my darkest moments in New Zealand he was there for me, picked me up off the floor several times. He didn't get angry at me for ruining the fun, and was constantly there for me when I crashed out. One time I literally just started crying at my friends house in the middle of the day. He was so gentle, put me to bed, gave me a cuddle and again I felt safe. Amongst all my depression we also had so much fun. We drove most of the north island together, listeneing to music and talking about cornwall and lifegaurding. When we were at jug nights together he made me laugh and we were always in each other's corner. In a time when I didnt want to be around men, Alex was exactly who I needed. Saw him over christmas, such a lovely boy.

I think the reason I wanted to talk about men is because inherently with the things I have been through I do not trust them, yet these four people are the exception to the rule. They prove to me that men can be kind, caring and considerate. That is why I hold men to such high standards, because if these four can act like this, surely others have the capacity also.
